(audience applause)
- What a crowd! What a crowd.
I tell ya, I come over here,
you people help me forget
what I went through this afternoon.
(audience laughter)
Like that continuity, huh?
(laughing)
Nah, really, this afternoon, I
tell ya what happened, I went
to join a health club, ya know?
Yeah, the sign said, "Look
better in ten days, or your
money back."
I gave a girl my check.
She said, "Keep it. We're
gonna mail it back anyway."
(audience laughing)
I tell ya, I try to be a right guy.
I never get a fair shake, ya know?
I was gonna take a little vacation.
I spoke to some guy who
works in a travel agency.
He told me I could spend
six nights in Puerto Rico.
No days.
Just six nights in Puerto Rico.
I said to him, what I do with myself days?
He said, "You can do whatever you want,
"Just keep outta Puerto Rico."
(audience laughing)
I tell you, I don't get no
respect from anyone, you know?
No respect at all.
One time I was drowning.
I was yelling, help! Help!
A lifeguard came over,
said "Alright keep it down!
"Keep it down!"
(audience laughing)
I don't know, I tell ya,
sometimes I think back, ya know,
I remember things, I was
a kid it was the same way,
I got no respect.
One time my ole' man
took me to a carnival.
We went to see the freaks.
The owner looked at me,
he told my ole' man,
"Get the kid out, he's
distracting from the show!"
(audience laughing)
The trouble with me is I'm too easy-going.
I gotta coupla kids.
I'm nice to them.
They got smart answers too.
The last time, I have a kid
who has a birthday, I took him
to Coney Island, ya know?
I asked him, You wanna
go in the crazy house?
He told me to save my
money, we'll be home soon.
(audience laughing)
I tell ya, I tried to figure things out.
I can't!
I been to every psychiatrist in New York.
My whole life is psychiatrists.
When I was a kid, eight years
old, my parents they sent me
to a child psychiatrist.
I went for a year and a half.
The kid didn't help me at all.
(audience laughing)
Sometimes I say to
myself, what's going on?
And lately I'm so mixed up,
I don't know what I'm doing
anymore.
I know just last week
my gums were shrinking.
I went to see my dentist he
told me I'm brushing my teeth
with Preparation H.
(audience laughing)
My dentist, that's another
beauty, my dentist.
It cost me 5,000 dollars to
get all new teeth put in.
Now he tells me, you need braces.
(audience laughing)
I tell ya, I'm at the end of the line.
I don't know who to believe anymore.
My doctor, David Ruben.
He wrote a best-selling book.
Everything you always
wanted to know about sex.
He left out the most important thing.
Where to get it?
(audience laughing)
(Lively band music)
(audience applause)
- Great crowd. Great crowd.
- Great crowd
- One place you can relax
over here, no kidding.
You got communication going for
you, that's the whole thing.
- Especially tonight.
- Tonight.
- Great communication.
You are too much.
- Silly mood tonight.
- I was backstage
breaking up with the
whole thing, what the hey?
- What the hey?
Remember all those old burlesque sketches?
That's one of the funniest lines
I've heard you do in a long
time.
You do a lot of funny things,
but getting the new teeth, and
the dentist tells you you need braces.
That's a funny, funny line.
- I thought of it right out there.
- Really?
- Good word, but that's a good line.
- I know, it's a funny line.
- Tell me about the book.
Now that you're a big author.
- Oh, this is a very interesting book.
I've been four years of
research, and doing it.
Year and a half of editing.
- [Johnny] Can I read
the thing on the back?
I didn't see that.
- Go right ahead, sure.
- It says, "This book is ridiculous.
"This man is nuts.
"He's an idiot. He should
never have written it.
"He deserves no respect.
"He ruined my life.
"I cooked very good.
"He has no business to open a restaurant.
"My children are very healthy
and happy from my cooking.
"In fact, as you read this,
I'm trying to make arrangements
"to have him put away.
"Mrs. Dangerfield."
(audience laughing)
I didn't see that
- Yeah, it's a very interesting book.
I told you, four years of
research that went into it,
and year and a half, and a
year and a half of editing,
and I want to thank my dear
friend, for helping editing it,
too, Dr. Vinne Boom-Batz.
(audience laughing)
He assisted me--
- Vinne Boom-Batz?
- He assisted me, in helping
editing, and its a wonderful
book, really.
In fact, chapters four and
five are devoted completely
to heartburn.
- I didn't know that.
(Johnny laughing)
- Johnny, I'll tell you this
book, here, you give it away to
a friend, a neighbor, a relative,
a girl who ran out on ya,
anybody, and if ya hold it
up to the light, and twirl it
around, you'll see a Swedish
mistress, in the nude, cooking
some beef fondue.
(audience laughing)
- Vinnie Boom-Batz
- Vinnie Boom-Batz.
He did the editing of the whole thing.
- Well, I, whatta you get for that?
Well it's a, pretty good.
You expect that this in the,
this is in the book stores, I
suppose,
- It's in bookstores
- just in time for the Christmas Market?
- Yeah it's says it's spiced with humor.
- Wow.
(audience laughing)
Respectable recipes spiced with humor.
- It's a hundred very economical,
very, you're eager to make
these things, ya know.
It's very easy to do it.
It's a very interesting book,
and it's got cartoons too, as
you noticed.
- Yes it has cartoons in there.
Let's see what you remember
now, since you wrote this book.
(audience laughing)
- Thank you! Thank you!
- Here's one of the easy ones.
How do you make potato mounds?
- You go to a chef in a
restaurant and pay him off.
(Johnny laughing)
(Audience laughing)
- We're gonna do this first.
And now, a sneak preview
of tomorrow's dinner.
(Jazz drums and piano music)
It's a special day for you, we found out.
We didn't know it.
You didn't tell us, but
the staff found it out.
This is your birthday.
(audience applause)
- Thank you very much
(band playing Happy Birthday)
- Happy Birthday to you.
Happy Birthday to you.
Happy Birthday dear Rodney.
(audience applause and cheers)
- Okay. Give him the cake.
- No, no, don't start.
- Give him the cake!
- There ya are.
- Can I take this back?
I got an anniversary at
my place tomorrow night
(audience laughing)
Thank you very much, that's
really very, very kind.
- Forget the Happy Birthday, Roger.
(audience laughing)
It was just, we had a
good deal, and we did the
- The way this show is going
it's gonna end up in my face,
(audience laughing)
- Oh no! No.
- before the night is
over, I gotta feeling,
hey, Boom! You know, one of those...
- Remember those?
Where he says, "Give me the cake"
- Give me the cake..
- Give me the cake.
- Don't give me the cake.
- There's no place to go if we start that.
If we start throwing this
cake, then the show must end.
(audience laughing)
- Thank you very much.
That's what I mean by
communication, you know?
That's beautiful.
- [Other Guest] I don't
like the look in his eye
(laughing)
- You want me to set this over here?
- Now I'm gonna be nervous
for the whole show.
I'ma get the cake in my face
- No, I wouldn't do that.
I would never do that
- [Other Guest] Not with
a candle in it anyway.
- No, no.
(audience laughing)
That would smart.
That could be
- Uh oh
- That could be up your
nose in Pittsburgh.
(audience laughing)
I would never hit anybody
with cake, unless you had
pre-arranged on a sketch,
cause that is not fair to throw
a cake, or do something
like that to somebody.
So, I'll set it over here.
(audience laughing)
Now, I wonder what's gonna happen tonight?
Uh oh, here comes the cake now.
(audience laughing)
Is it impolite to ask you how old you are?
Do you care?
Does it make any difference?
- No, I tell the truth.
I tell the truth.
I'm 29, I don't never...
No, I'm telling the truth,
I'm 51 years old today.
That's the truth.
- I didn't believe that.
- No, I'm 51. That's true.
(audience applause)
- You do not look it.
I'm 51, I mean, I don't
- I meant that.
You really don't look it.
- No, I can lose ten pounds,
and say, hey I'm 46, but
what the heck, I mean, tell the truth.
What's the difference?
Know what I mean?
That's what I feel.
Be truthful.
That's the only way you'll
find communication in life.
(laughing)
- You're on a communication
kick tonight, aren't ya?
- It's been bothering me
lately, the reason why you gotta
have communication, and this
is the one place you have it
here, you could relax.
It's the only way you can
relax, if people can communicate
together, and then get
along good, you know.
- [Johnny] Well, we're
certainly doing that.
- And that's why, that's important.
- It really is.
(audience laughing)
- In fact, the other night
I was talking to one of the
Patrons over at my Bistro.
He was engaged to this girl,
and they broke up because of
lack of communication, plus
the fact that he had six dogs,
and she didn't like dogs.
I think men love animals more
than women, they really do.
They really do.
I mean look at all the guys who
are so happy when the rabbit
lives, you know?
(audience laughing)
- I never thought of that.
- I mean, a lot of men and
women, they don't relate.
You take an average guy
makes love to a girl.
When they're all finished,
what's the first thing comes into
his mind?
How do I get outta here?
(audience laughing)
You gotta have communication.
- That's communication, huh?
- And guys, guys, you can't
figure guys out either.
I knew a guy who was going
with this gorgeous, beautiful
girl.
Left her for his wife and kids.
(audience laughing)
- [Johnny] Didn't know that
- How else can you relax
without communication?
- You gotta have communication.
- You mention 42nd Street?
I go there occasionally.
I find out sexy movies from
Denmark, you go in there, you
just relax, forget everything.
It's like a different world.
I saw one, last week, too,
you know? This was a little
different than a sexy movie.
They spoke in English, but the
sex was dubbed in.
(audience laughing)
- Unusual experience.
- Very, very unusual experience, yes.
- Well that's communication.
You gotta communicate.
- Yes, it is definitely.
As a matter of fact, I knew it
was going to be a wild movie,
cause when I walked in, a real
sexy place you know, a big
naked blonde showed me to my
seat, and I was so embarrassed.
I told the guy, put on
some clothes, you know?
(audience laughing)
I'm gonna look for some
communication, right after New
Year's Eve, I'm going over to Hawaii.
I mentioned that at the
Friar's Club, with you and Ed.
I'm going to Hawaii, right
after New Year's Eve.
New Year's Eve, you know
who's gonna work my place?
- [Johnny] No.
- Belly dancer.
We have Little Athens.
- Little Athens?
- Little Athens.
Belly dancer.
Don't get fresh with Little
Athens, she calls her boyfriend
Big Dominick, you know what that means?
(audience laughing)
- Only about this short, right?
- Yeah, but ya right away.
But I'm going to Hawaii, and
as a matter of fact I'm gonna
stay there at the Sheraton Waikiki.
That's what I say, Why Kiki?
(audience laughing)
No, as matter of fact you are
very big in Hawaii, you know?
- I didn't know that.
- I spoke to the Italian
Vice Counsulate, who goes to
Hawaii.
Yeah, he's the Italian
Vice Counsulate of Italy.
He's in Hawaii, Guido Salmaggi,
I mention the name to you?
- [Johnny] Guido Salmaggi?
- Guido Salmaggi.
And he, he sung at my club
too, you know, he did.
(audience laughing)
He's the Italian Vice Consulate.
Can I, he's watching.
Can I just say hello, one second?
Hey Guido! Aloha!
(audience laughing)
He'll be there with his cousin Tullio.
- Tullio and Guido.
Tullio will be there.
And his nephew Romeo.
- You're really going to Hawaii?
You're gonna work there?
- No, no I'm not going
- No, no! You're not going to work there.
- I'm going to vacation there.
- [Johnny] Vacation there.
- I don't work all the time.
- Of course you can't.
- No sense in working all the time.
(audience laughing)
No sense in working all the time.
I want a vacation, you know.
A lot of people go for all
kinds of money for vacation.
I'm very simple.
- Are ya?
- Just gimme a beach, a pair
of shorts, and a t-shirt, with
a woman in them.